# 5th of march
* Attendance: everyone except Omar

## Agenda
* fix pull requests
* [x] look over mandatory
* discuss changes in code from last week
* decide goals for next weeks

## Meeting
* discuss mandatory 3
    * is it possible to have a customer meeting?
    * discussed server tests that fails
    * dicussed requirements for the final project (these are basically the same as they were last time we discussed this)
* demo of what dovydas has done with libgdx

## Goals for next week
