# 9th of april
* Attendance: Omar, Petter, Rune, Dovydas

# Meeting
* Discussed priorities of goals for the MVP (for assignment 5)
* Created issues for everyone to complete for next week
    * These had to do with implementing multiplayer
* Programming in pairs
* Discussed the Move class
    * A new way to split up bigger happenings in the game into smaller steps
    * Such that things can be animated
